PD-1487 / 25.04 / replace minio plugin and migration content with EoL statement (master) (#3083)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/S3Deprecation.md

&NewLine;

{{< hint type=important title="Deprecation Notice" >}}

> Due to security vulnerabilities and maintainability issues, the S3 service is deprecated in TrueNAS 13.0 and removed in TrueNAS 24.04, 24.10, and newer versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to security vulnerabilities and maintainability issues, the S3 service is deprecated in TrueNAS 13.0 and removed in TrueNAS 22.12 and newer versions.
```
